applications: nrf5340_audio: Update controller to 3349 (#11029)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/CHANGELOG.rst

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

> Controller v3347

Reviewer: Should this be 3349?

****************

The following changes have been introduced in the v3347 of the controller:

Changes
=======

> * ...........

Reviewer 2: Was this forgotten?

Author: No Kristoffer said to open the PR so I could get input on this. Is there a list of changes somewhere I can copy in here?

Reviewer 3: We may need a hand from @erikrobstad here so we can go through the relevant issues for this release.

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

Controller v3349
****************

> The following changes have been introduced in the v3347 of the controller:

Reviewer 2: Still wrong number.
```suggestion
The following changes have been introduced in the v3349 of the controller:
```

> Changes
> =======
> 
> * Fixed Direct Test Mode (DTM), which has been broken after version 3307
> * Fixed issue where connection parameter update could lead to disconnection
> * Fixed issue where "stream stopped" and "disconnected" events were not triggered
> * Fixed issue where controller stopped responding when a disconnection happened

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Bug fixes
=========

* Fixed the Direct Test Mode (DTM), which was broken after version 3307.
* Fixed an issue where an update to the connection parameter could lead to a disconnection.
* Fixed an issue where the "stream stopped" and "disconnected" events would not be triggered.
* Fixed an issue where the controller would stop responding when a disconnection happened.
```

Author: Will keep Changes header for consistency with the previous comments
